README.md, before:

# Description

[Fluent Bit](https://fluentbit.io) input plugin able to access [Docker Container Info](https://docs.docker.com/engine/api/v1.41/#operation/ContainerList)

# Requirements

- Docker
- Docker image `fluent-beats/fluent-bit-plugin-dev`

# Build
```bash
./build.sh
```

# Test
```bash
docker run --rm \
      -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro \
      -v $(pwd)/code/build:/my_plugin \
      fluent/fluent-bit:1.8.4 /fluent-bit/bin/fluent-bit -e /my_plugin/flb-in_docker_info.so -i docker_info -o stdout
 ```

 # Design

 ## Required volumes

 `Fluentbit` provides very simple libraries to deal with JSON processing, so to make this plugin bare simple it uses a simple strategy to collect stats from all container running in the `host node`.

 It maps the **host unix socket** `/var/run/docker.sock`, so it can send requests to the Docker Engine API to fetch stats from all containers running in the host node.

> This plugin WILL NOT WORK without host socket properly mounted on `Fluentbit` container

## Collecting info
The plugin will access the Docker Engine endpoint `/containers/json`.

It will the following parameters:
 * all=true (return all containers including stopped)

Each response will include important information like:

 - Container health / state
 - Container image
 - Container labels
 - Container volumes and ports

 For each response the plugin will simply send the JSON values to the output without any transformation or parsing, saving even more memory and resources.

Commit message:

Request  info about one container at time

README.md, after:

# Description

[Fluent Bit](https://fluentbit.io) input plugin able to access [Docker Container Info](https://docs.docker.com/engine/api/v1.41/#operation/ContainerList)

# Requirements

- Docker
- Docker image `fluent-beats/fluent-bit-plugin-dev`

# Build
```bash
./build.sh
```

# Test
```bash
docker run --rm \
      -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro \
      -v /var/lib/docker/containers:/var/lib/docker/containers \
      -v $(pwd)/code/build:/my_plugin \
      fluent/fluent-bit:1.8.4 /fluent-bit/bin/fluent-bit -e /my_plugin/flb-in_docker_info.so -i docker_info -o stdout
 ```

 # Design

 ## Required volumes

 ## Required volumes

 `Fluentbit` provides very simple libraries to deal with JSON processing, so to make this plugin bare simple it uses a simple strategy to collect info about all container running in the `host node`.

 First it maps the folder `/var/lib/docker/containers` so it can simply know all containers' ids running in the underline host without any request/response to Docker Engine API.

 Second it maps the **host unix socket** `/var/run/docker.sock`, so it can send requests to the Docker Engine API to fetch stats from all containers retrieved previously from mounted `/var/lib/docker/containers`.

> This plugin WILL NOT WORK without both volumes properly mounted on `Fluentbit` container


## Collecting info
The plugin will access the Docker Engine endpoint `/containers/json`.

It will use the following parameters:
 * all=true (return information even if container is not running)
 * filters={"id":$id} (limits the response to a single container)

Each response will include important information like:

 - Container health / state
 - Container image
 - Container labels
 - Container volumes and ports

 For each response the plugin will simply send the JSON values to the output without any transformation or parsing, saving even more memory and resources.
